README.md, before:

This is a collection of my data science/analysis/visualisation notebooks.

## Spatial KDE Plot
Generating spatial KDE plots using *Seaborn*, *Matplotlib* and *Geopandas*. [Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/spatial-kde-plot.html)

## Animated scatter plot with size legend using Matplotlib
Producing an animated scatter plot over a map, including a size legend. [Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/matplotlib-animation-with-legend.html)

## Zonal statistics: mean elevation of Brisbane suburbs
Calculating and visualising the mean elevation of all suburbs in Brisbane. [Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/brisbane-suburbs-mean-elevation.html) 

## Visualising preference flows in the 2024 QLD state elections 
Visualising the preference flows in the 2024 QLD state elections using *Holoviews*. [Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/qld-election-2024-pref-flows.html)

## Earthquakes in Nepal
Analysing and visualising earthquakes in Nepal since 2010.
[Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/nepal-earthquakes.html)

Commit message:

new notebook: merging adjacent polygons using postgis

README.md, after:

This is a collection of my data science/analysis/visualisation notebooks.

## Merging adjancet ploygons based on attribute in a large GIS dataset
Using *PostGIS* to efficiently merge adjacent polygons based on attribute in a large dataset with
>750k rows. [link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/merging-adjacent-polygons-on-attribute.html)

## Spatial KDE Plot
Generating spatial KDE plots using *Seaborn*, *Matplotlib* and *Geopandas*. [Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/spatial-kde-plot.html)

## Animated scatter plot with size legend using Matplotlib
Producing an animated scatter plot over a map, including a size legend. [Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/matplotlib-animation-with-legend.html)

## Zonal statistics: mean elevation of Brisbane suburbs
Calculating and visualising the mean elevation of all suburbs in Brisbane. [Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/brisbane-suburbs-mean-elevation.html) 

## Visualising preference flows in the 2024 QLD state elections 
Visualising the preference flows in the 2024 QLD state elections using *Holoviews*. [Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/qld-election-2024-pref-flows.html)

## Earthquakes in Nepal
Analysing and visualising earthquakes in Nepal since 2010.
[Link](https://sandeepdhakal.github.io/notebooks/notebooks/nepal-earthquakes.html)
